hello
and welcome back to learn English with
Minecraft
in between my last Minecraft video and
this video Minecraft has updated
now we're playing Minecraft version
1.20.1
and they've added a lot of new things
into Minecraft so in this video I'm
going to search for some of the new
things that they added into Minecraft in
version 1.20 let's go all right here we
are it's been a long time since I've
played Minecraft on this channel
and that's because I was getting a
little bit
bored with Minecraft but now that
Minecraft has been updated I'm excited
to play again so in this video I want to
go searching for some of the new things
that they added into Minecraft like the
new biome and the new animals I'm going
to start by putting away all of the
things that I don't need to bring with
me
like my string a chest some paper
leather I'm going to put away all of
these things
foreign
I'm going to build an ax because I have
all of the tools that I will need except
for the ax
let's see oops
all right two sticks one two and one two
three stone makes an ax
a stone ax
and now I have all of the different
tools that I will need
all right so now it it's time to go
adventuring searching for some of the
new things that they added in Minecraft
1.20
let's put down my boat
my boat and let's get in
like this
all right let's start sailing
I'm sailing
it's night time right now but that
should be okay because I'm in the ocean
and there aren't many monsters in the
ocean
and I'm going to begin searching for the
new biome the cherry blossom biome
goodbye home
I'm sailing away
but luckily I have a map so I won't get
lost
oh there are some squids
what is this
it's made of wood
think that this is a shipwreck
I'm going to explore this shipwreck
what's inside
a chest there's a chest right there
whoa okay
swim up
I need to swim up to the surface so that
I can breathe
and now let's go back down
go to the chest
all right
oh
I was oh
drowning down there
but I found
a treasure map
let's see
this map will lead me to buried treasure
the treasure is at The X right there
I'm going to search for this buried
treasure
but
first I want to see what's inside the
other chest
and that's down here in the Shipwreck
oh it's becoming morning
pretty soon the sun will come up
all right let's go back down
all right through here
chest whoa
I'm going to get everything
fast fast fast
and let's go
oh
safe
phew
let's see what I found down there
a bottle of enchanting
emeralds lapis I got some iron some iron
nuggets
and I think that's pretty much
everything
oh and I also found some paper in the
first chest
all right cool
and it's morning the sun is coming up
my house is right over there
all right well now I think I'm going to
search for the buried treasure
using this map
so I think I need to go this way
and this way
hmm
yeah
let's continue this way
oh
okay
it's up here on the shore
let's get off of the boat
and pick up the boat
and now let's search for some buried
treasure
this way
I'm going to run towards the X
all right
right now I'm on top of the X
so
now I'm going to start digging
treasure
where are you
hmm
well maybe I need to dig deeper
oh there it is the treasure
all right I found the buried treasure
now let's see what's inside
open
wow
there's some iron
there is some TNT
there's
a potion of water breathing this potion
allows me to
breathe underwater
for three minutes
and another potion of water breathing
a heart of the sea
I don't know what this does I'll need to
look it up on the internet
there's a diamond
prismarine crystals
okay
there's some fish
some emeralds and gold
all right
awesome that is a great start to this
adventure
all right
well
let's continue searching for the new
things that they added in version 1.20
I really want to find the cherry blossom
biome with the pink trees
it's some turtles hello Turtles
hmm
okay
I don't see anything new yet
we need to continue searching
there's some cows over there
all right I'm going to get back in the
boat
because I travel faster by boat
and we're sailing
oh
is that another shipwreck
Maybe
yeah it is
wow
another sunken ship
let's go down there
here we go oh
chests oh there's a chest
oh
let's go let's go uh oh
I'm trapped
oh
I almost got trapped down there
that was close okay
I'm going to eat oh
go away
come on
whew
all right
I'm going to break through this floor
right here
go down
all right
and let's go down I can see a squid down
there in the ship
down we go
that's the only chest down here
oh
all right
maybe there's another chest on this side
all right down we go
there's a chest
whoa
oh
let's see
my inventory is full
which means that I need to throw things
away
let's see I don't need one Birch slab
let's throw it away
I don't need rotten flesh let's throw
that away
um
hmm
oh I don't need this treasure map
anymore because I already found the
treasure so let's throw this away
throw
um
I don't need sandstone
okay that should be enough enough space
let's go back down
all right
all right what did I find down there
Moss
suspicious looking stew
gun powder which you can use to make
TNT
and
I think that that's everything
is there anything else down there
oh
there's a little space of oxygen down
here
where I can
breathe
and there's another chest right here
oh
what is this Coast armor trim
well I don't know what this is but I'm
going to take it
oh I already have so many cool things
well I don't need fish
wow
another treasure map
I'll take it
a compass
okay
I'll take the compass
all right
awesome let's go back up to the surface
up
up up up
oh
and it's night time
well
my inventory is full
so
I'm going to go back to my house and
drop off all of these things that I
found
back home we go
um
foreign
I don't see myself on the map
uh oh
well I think that I need to go this way
oh
I don't remember seeing these icicles
um
oh the compass
I think I can use the compass to get
back home
I hope
uh this way
I think I need to go this way
I think that the compass points to the
bed that you last slept at
so I think that this will lead me back
home
an Enderman
I'm looking at you
Enderman
die die die
die die die die die die
phew and he dropped an eye
uh I'll throw away this paper
and
pick up the eye
well my compass is pointing me this
direction
but I don't think that this is the right
direction to get back to my house
[Music]
well I think I'm going to end this
episode right here
and hopefully in the next episode I'll
find my way back to my house
thank you so much for watching if you
liked this video you can click the like
button or subscribe to my channel
and I will see you in the next video see
ya
[Music]